doc: nrf5340_audio: Update docs to refer to SoftDevice controller (#14164)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bin/bt_ll_acs_nrf53/index.rst

LE Audio controller for nRF5340
###############################

.. warning::

>    This LE Audio controller for nRF5340 is :ref:`deprecated <api_deprecation>`, no longer supported from |NCS| v2.6.0 onwards, and will be removed in one of the future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This LE Audio controller for nRF5340 is :ref:`deprecated <api_deprecation>`, no longer supported in |NCS| v2.6.0 and onwards, and will be removed in one of the future releases.
```

LE Audio controller for nRF5340
###############################

.. warning::

>    The LE Audio Controller for nRF5340 is deprecated, and will be removed in NCSDK 2.7.0 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This LE Audio Controller Subsystem for nRF5340 is deprecated, and will be removed in the future.
   Users must transition to the :ref:`SoftDevice Controller for LE Isochronous Channels <nrfxlib:softdevice_controller_iso>`.
   On NCS 2.6.0 and future releases, there is no longer official support for this controller.
```

.. contents::
   :local:

>    :depth: 2

Reviewer 2: I guess we can remove line 20 or even the entire note in lines 18-20, as the state moved from experimental to deprecated?
```
Make sure to always use the latest version of the controller.
```

Author: Good point, I removed the note all together - it just contradicts the warning either way
